Spec clean up (#1018)
radiantearth/stac-spec: README.md

there is one more specification in the STAC 'family', which is
the [STAC API specification](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/), now living in its own repository. It
provides API endpoints, based on the [OGC API - Features](http://docs.opengeospatial.org/is/17-069r3/17-069r3.html) standard,

> that enable clients to search for Items that match their filtering criteria. The four specifications are meant to be used 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that enable clients to search for Item objects that match their filtering criteria. The four specifications are meant to be used 
```

Following my general belief that types should be "T objects" rather than "Ts" in most cases

simple, flexible JSON file of links to Items, Catalogs or Collections that can be used in a variety of ways.

The **[Collection Specification](collection-spec/)** provides additional information about a spatio-temporal collection of data.

> In the context of STAC it is most likely a related set of STAC Items that is made available by a data provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of STAC it is most likely a related group of STAC Items that is made available by a data provider.
```

set could be interpreted as to imply uniqueness (which is true, but not relevant here)

It includes things like the spatial and temporal extent of the data, the license, keywords, etc.

> It enables discovery at a higher level than individual Items, providing a simple way to describe sets of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It enables discovery at a higher level than individual Item objects, providing a simple way to describe sets of data.
```
